Add support for installing extras to python-environment action (#413)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

## Security

* [#420](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/420): Replaced 3rd party action with GitHub actions for gh-pages
* [#422](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/422): Set permissions within the GitHub workflows to restrict usage of the default GitHub token

## ✨ Features

> * [#413](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/pull/413): Add support for installing extras to python-environment action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#161](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/161): Added support for installing extras & not using a cache to the python-environment action
* [#408](https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/issues/408): Added support for GitHub runners who do not per default have pipx to use the python-environment action
```
